Update export-search-results.md (#3702)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/compliance/export-search-results.md

  - You can export a maximum of 2 TB of data from a single Content Search. If the search results are larger than 2 TB, consider using date ranges or other types of filters to decrease the total size of the search results.
  

>   - Your organization can export a maximum of 2 TB of data during a single day. The quota will reset daily at 12:00AM UTC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Your organization can export a maximum of 2 TB of data during a single day. The quota will reset daily at midnight UTC.
```

Reviewer: Suggestion in accordance with Microsoft Style Guide.
